How is it? Don't worry this time, right?
There will be a national assembly in two days.
Then I will announce your identity to everyone
Ok thanks
Are you hungry?
I'm going to cook for you, okay?
I haven't eaten your food in years. Go
Don't do it well
Dad, let me help you
Ok ok ok
What is this?
This is the information sent by the major wealthy families in Jiangzhou
They heard that we want to open channels in Jiangzhou
All want to join the Huaxing Chamber of Commerce
That's not necessary
Yes, my son has.
This Cao family is the first talent after the Gao family
Not only is the economy strong
He still wants to throw himself at us
I think
It should be good for them to give us a hand
You can do it.
Talk to you later.
Xiaoyu, what are you doing?
We're leaving. Wow.
Where did this come from?
Oh.
These are all gifts from the wealthy families in Jiaozhou
I remember calling the one in your hand
Musse coconut black diamond ring
It's probably worth over 5 million
50,000 so much
Wow, can I take this with me?
Take it if you like it, pack it up
Well, let's go first, okay, okay
I'm going to give this to Xiaoxue
Lift you up and be happy